I would like to perform a thorough, deep, comprehensive analysis and refactor of the Insimul system at every level, including every  
feature of the editor app, every feature of the in-app game (but especially player/NPC chat and quest/item/action management), 
data gathering/metrics/insights/visualization, and external game exports for currently supported game engines.

I'd like to start with the content editors and data structures (society, rules, actions, quests,      
items, grammars, and languages). I'd want to analyze the truth system in Insimul, which is the most transparent layer   
of Prolog in the system, integrating this system more fully within the content editor as a whole; I believe that this   
will potentially necessitate the merging of truth within the content editor as an aspect of EVERY content editor, as    
well as potentially integrating a new content system that we might call "history". One of the goals of Insimul is not   
only to facilitate the procedural generation of complex genealogies, towns, game actions, and social rules, but also a  
history of the world, as in the things in history that have happened, both big and small. For example, if a character   
in a world got divorced in 1985, that event should register in the history editor; because the history editor can       
potentially incorporate a HUGE amount of details, its UI needs to be very carefully developed. As of today, the         
integration of history, i.e. truth values over time, is one of the weakest aspects of the Insimul system. Time in       
Insimul is represented in terms of abstract "steps", but we should make it possible for users to define values for      
this timestep, such as a year, a day, an hour, a minute, and so on. Based on the current system structure, I'd like     
for you to choose a default, but we can adjust it as need be.

As of right now, however, the system only procedurally generates world truths within the present, at timestep 0. 
We do want to avoid using calls to a remote LLM for every single thing in the system, both because of the monetary cost 
but also because of the time cost. However, the Talk of the Town system was created for exactly such a thing-- generation 
of a town history, starting from a particular year and ending at a particular year, with world events happening all throughout 
the timespan. All of this happened without calling an LLM. We don't want to avoid using LLMs wherever beneficial, but if we 
can drastically improve our world truth management by revisiting Talk of the Town's codebase and applying some of the missing 
functionality here, we should do so, using an optimized approach to LLM usage, such as batched or multi-tiered requests and 
prompts. The Prolog Knowledge Base is great to have, but its presence on its own makes it seem completely disconnected from the      
rest of the editor. We need to make sure that its features are properly integrated with the rest of the editor, rather  
than being a sort of second-class citizen used only for syncing and exporting static data. We may want to combine it    
with the Simulations feature, if that seems logical. One useful starting point for this goal might be to analyze the database
backups in /data/backups, which have been stored as JSON documents for easy analysis. You can analyze the data for both content and
schema, in order to determine any potentially improved method for storing our Insimul Postgres data within the MongoDB database,
with an aim of keeping it consistently, permanently aligned.

It is very important that the data in society, rules, actions, quests, items, grammars, languages, and truths/history all
work together for each world so that they contribute to the construction of functional, engaging, creative interactive emergent
narratives. Players should be able to complete quests, including by but not limited to:

- talking to characters
- fighting with characters
- collecting items
- crafting items
- visiting locations
- listening to conversations
- solving puzzles
- romancing characters
- speaking certain utterances (especially for language-learning games!)

These are the main activities that come to mind, but we should continue to enhance and expand this list, and we should also
begin to standardize the Insimul content/syntax defining in-game rules, realities, behaviors, and so on. Rules in Insimul are
meant to encompass social rules (as in social mores in societies) and game logic-- basically anything that "happens" in the game.

I am working actively on the first major game product constructed using the Insimul system, which is to be a langauge-learning game
that incorporates RPG elements and completely interactive, open-ended conversation. I'd like for you to keep that in mind as you work
on this large-scale refactor, with a goal of completely building out the rest of this game, while keeping the system still flexible enough
to construct the other types of games that it intends to support, represented by the game genres and game types lists.

Because I am working on a major game that I will be beta-testing through user studies, it is also important that we significantly build out
the data gathering/metrics/insights/visualization features. We want to make sure that both the in-app game and the exported games are able to
track user playthrough data. We need to allow game creators to configure the exported game versions so that they can connect to a remote Insimul API,
periodically submitting user playthrough data to the server. In case of API failure, we should be storing local copies of all of the user playthrough data.
If the game is a language-learning game, it should also store and send data regarding language learning progress, successes and failures.
I've included a file evaluation-plan.pdf that covers the type of data we're interested in collecting, so please read over that document when you
work on the language-learning-specific data collection features.

In order to accomplish all of this work, you should begin by constructing a very thorough, comprehensive set of roadmap plans, one for each major
segment of the overall plan. Then, you should work on completing each roadmap step by step, until all of each roadmap's steps are done.